README.md, before:

# Netease Cloud Music  Automatic Downloader
## For Digital Asset Management Course in ZJU
***
* ___This program is based on the python package called [^cloudmusic], you can visit the github home page of the package via the URL. Special thanks to the contributors of the package.___
--

>Functions realized in this program
--
> * According to the ID of Netease Cloud Music playlist, automatically download all songs in the  playlist to the specified local folder
> *  Download album cover images of songs to the same directory
> * Automatically creates txt files to save the song's name, authors, lyrics, hot comments and other information
> * Automatically renames all files in sequence based on the initial number specified by the user

>How to use this program
--
> * Configure your Python environment
> *  Install the cloudmusic package using the command `pip install cloudmusic`
> *  Run the _NCM_Downloader.py_ file
> *  Follow the input prompt

>Tips
--
> * You can get the ID of the playlist from the URL of the Netease Cloud Music playlist
> For example, in URL https://music.163.com/#/playlist?Id =4895239160, 4895239160 is the id of the playlist
> *  This program is only tested in a Windows environment, and it is uncertain whether it will run successfully in MacOS



[^cloudmusic]: https://github.com/p697/cloudmusic

Commit message:

convert&cut
The transcoding and clipping functions are completed

README.md, after:

# Netease Cloud Music  Automatic Downloader
## For Digital Asset Management Course in ZJU
***
* ___This program is based on the python package called [cloudmusic], you can visit the github home page of the package via the URL. Special thanks to the contributors of the package.___
* ___This program also uses the [pydub] package, which you also need to install ahead of time. In particular, in order to use some of the features in the pydub package, you need to install [ffmpeg] or [libav] in your environment.___

>###Functions realized in this program

> * According to the __ID__ of Netease Cloud Music playlist, automatically download all songs in the  playlist to the specified local folder
> * Download album cover images of songs to the same directory
> * Automatically creates txt files to save the song's name, authors, lyrics, hot comments and other information
> * Automatically renames all files in sequence based on the initial number specified by the user
> * Automatically convert audio files to __.mp3__ format and slice the first minute of the audio

>###How to use this program

> * Configure your Python environment
> * install [ffmpeg] or [libav] on your OS
> * install [pydub] package using the command `pip install pydub`
> *  Install the [cloudmusic] package using the command `pip install cloudmusic`
> *  Run the ___NCM_Downloader.py___ file
> *  Follow the input prompt

>###Tips 

> * You can get the ID of the playlist from the URL of the Netease Cloud Music playlist
> For example, in URL https://music.163.com/#/playlist?Id=4895239160, ___4895239160___ is the id of the playlist
> * Try to make sure that the folder which you want to save musics is empty before you run the program, otherwise the program may report an error due to duplicate naming
> *  This program is only tested in a Windows environment, and it is uncertain whether it will run successfully in other OS



[cloudmusic]: https://github.com/p697/cloudmusic
[pydub]: https://github.com/jiaaro/pydub
[ffmpeg]: http://www.ffmpeg.org/
[libav]: https://libav.org/
